Improve CA1802 Documentation with Warnings About Potential Risks of Using const (#44169)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/quality-rules/ca1802.md

It is safe to suppress a warning from this rule, or disable the rule, if performance is not of concern.

> [!WARNING]

> > For public or externally visible members, changing `static readonly` to `const` can lead to issues. `const` values are embedded in dependent assemblies at compile time, so changes in the library's value may not propagate, potentially causing errors. Suppress this rule if the value might change in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For public or externally visible members, changing `static readonly` to `const` can lead to issues. `const` values are embedded in dependent assemblies at compile time, so changes in the library's value might not propagate, potentially causing errors. If the value of your member might change in the future, suppress this rule.
```
